Welcome back to another module with me, Max. In this module, we'll dive into the CSS grid, a technology
which allows us to create highly customizable, more complex page layouts.
Now in the last module, Manuel walked you through CSS flexbox which also is related to laying things
out and positioning things and therefore in this module, we will not only learn CSS grid but of course,
I'll also dive into how it relates to flexbox
and when you may use which. To be precise, in this module, we'll first of all dive into what CSS grid is
in detail,
then we'll have a look at the different properties and values that are connected to the CSS grid concept
and there are a lot as you will learn, so we'll learn a lot in this module
and as I just mentioned, I'll also clarify when you should use grid and when you may use flexbox and how the two
relate. And with that, let's dive right into it and let's get started with understanding what the CSS
grid really is and how it helps us.